There’s for sure plenty to talk about this year, Gemini! 2021 is a highly 
stimulating year for your creative sign. You are able to feel more aligned 
with your highest good, and can even make some pretty fantastic new friends 
along the way. You might actually be the go-to person when things get a 
little rocky, mainly because you adjust so easily and quickly to things 
and are able to see the humor in almost any situation.

As the year begins with some confrontational squares between Jupiter in 
Aquarius and Uranus in Taurus, you'll get a beneficial wave of abundance 
headed your way even through some gritty energy. This is also true in 
 mid-February, May, and late December for you as Saturn's transit through 
Aquarius squares Uranus in Taurus, causing some chaotic waves in the world.

This can be tough on others through much of the year; but because Saturn will 
be nicely angled towards your airy sign, it will be bringing you many insights 
and brilliant moments. This can be that time where you find yourself in a very 
powerful way. Expect the unexpected and be extremely grateful for the gifts you 
receive, because you deserve them!

One important piece of the 2021 puzzle is to really consider the transition 
period of your birthday months. You might be a little caught up during this 
year's Mercury retrograde cycles, which all take place in air signs. One of 
the most important for you occurs on May 29, following a transformative total 
lunar eclipse in your opposing sign of Sagittarius. This is a vibe that will 
definitely have you rethinking a lot of different pieces of the story. And 
although it can be a highly enlightening time when it comes to all aspects of 
your life, there is still much work to be done through the summer. Especially 
because you are also met with an annular solar eclipse on June 10—at the same 
time Mercury continues a tricky retrograde cycle in your sign until June 22.